hello again, I'd now like to build an ADDITIONAL game. Let’s begin working on version 9.0Here are the requirements, please review them and ask me any clarifying questions before you begin development.
1.	The new game is called “Bingo Bango Bongo” – we can abbreviate it as BBB in the tab menu
2.	Rename the existing “Games” tab to “Groups”
3.	Since we do not want to crowd the tabs, please create a new “Games” tab. When the user clicks on it, a submenu should scroll up. It will contain all of our games “Cards”, “2/9/16”, and the new “BBB” game. Therefore, we will be left with 4 tabs (Groups, Games [including submenu], Payouts, Rules)
4.	Here are the rules for Bingo Bango Bongo: 3 points are available on each hole. They are “First On”, “Closest To”, and “First In”. So, the UI needs to have: a. a hole selector (We can use the same format as the “Select Hole” tile in the “2/9/16” game; b. A new tile called “Bingo Bango Bongo” that has 3 rows: “First On”, “Closest To”, and “First In”. On the right-hand side of each of the aforementioned rows, there should be a drop-down selector that includes the name of each member of the selected Group. So, for example, the user will be able to see the First On row, then select the player who won the First On point from the dropdown menu. C. A new Payouts tile. We can use the same format as the Payouts tile in the 2/9/16 game. Therefore, the user will be able to select either Points or FBT, assign a Point Value and/or FBT value, and update the values. The Payouts tab will also include which player receives or pays the appropriate amount. D. A “Who Owes Who – BBB” tile. Payouts are calculated based on the difference between the number of points each player has earned (assign 1 point to each player if their name appears in one of the 3 rows mentioned in step B. Users “Pay up” as we have before
5.	Overall, the new page for the “BBB” game will look very similar to the 2/9/16 game, and the calculation and payouts systems are also very similar (in fact, a bit more simple)
Please let me know what questions you have.
